reflexology Ron pology iridology and
phonology all amazing ways of reading
the body the body is an amazing tool so
looking after its outer casing I either
skin is absolutely crucial i'm on a
richardson and welcome to skin and
barrett the show that puts the nation's
skin care routines to the test looks at
it under the microscope and watches the
transformation meet Joe hello I'm Joe
adventurous animal lover Joe Kingston
believe she has healing hands while I
won't go that far I do a bit of Reiki
but I've also been known to be a bit of
an adrenaline junkie I've flown a
helicopter race llamas and I've also
skydived as well and on top of all of
that she also recently settled on a
skincare routine that she believes is
the routine I believe in everything
being organic and natural and what's
your beauty tip Joe I mix aromatherapy
oils with water and I use its perfume
again it's all natural and on the other
end of the regime orbiter is Charlene
queen of the hula-hoop I've just started
to careers I feel the hoop teacher and I
really love it how very random I am
pretty random I like wrapping roller
skating and driving for lip trucks good
on you char thanks but surely whooping
has taken its toll on your skin you're
the whooping can take its toll on my
skin and these days I don't have much
time to spend in the bathroom pampering
myself so whilst Joe has adopted a great
natural routine Charlene's has fallen by
the wayside when she needs it the most
the guys are treated to a skin appraisal
by beauty expert Rosie Lewis who's
looking for all those giveaway lumps and
bumps starting with Joe looking at your
skin I think you've got absolutely
lovely skin I think that you really are
conscientious about what you put on your
skin I think a very careful about the
products that you use it really shows
you've got a great
the skin that's nice into here isn't it
yeah really happy about that it's just
normally say that okay what about
Charlene Charlene I think you've got a
nice skin also but I think we need to
start focusing on maybe some anti-aging
products for your body 27 I don't know
about anti-aging yet it is going to
start to change as you you know get old
so we've got to work on keeping it young
and beautiful take that from two old
bat's as you get older you seeing
definitely changes now time for organic
lover Joe to swap with what's so natural
hula girl Charlene pick up your body
Bible one when you get your shower
everyday Joe which is a plus point so is
good and if you're lucky you might get
to moisturize is that it it's as if
you've got time to brush your teeth then
you have time to push your body okay so
we just read on a few examples of my
routine suggest it I try to only use
organic or natural products all natural
Joe doesn't react too well to what she
finds has it got chemicals in yeah it
will do won't it Charlie maybe a few not
good meanwhile Charlene is getting
nothing away okay okay we'll see the
girls back here in three weeks and we
will get the results then and now for a
spot of do-it-yourself this week it's a
fruity little pomegranate body scrub
take one pomegranate cut DC and add to a
blender one orange cut juice at the
blender one pot of honey Hannah good old
glug
add one two three handfuls of rolled
oats blend make sure the plug holes
cupboard and get scrubbing in the shower
okay welcome back ladies Charlene Joe
it's three weeks later you changed your
skin care routines you both swapped with
each other so Joe how much did you get
on taking on Charlene's chemical routine
the the chemicals in the products made
my skin really itchy and they came out
in red blotches as well and it was just
awful your skin's not happy it's dry
it's oily zone you need to go back to
using really good quantity moisturizer
meanwhile Charlene I have to hand it to
use genuinely you look really well I
feel great yeah the exfoliating was
great the natural products and left my
skin feeling really fresh amazing just
go to show the results you can get from
really looking after your skin and
really treating it with with kindness
natural product really do work and
whereas sometimes we think that you know
they're incredibly expensive and if you
buy organic or natural and it's going to
blow the budget not necessary so there
really are affordable products out there
that will make a difference to your skin
so thank you very much d girls and we'll
see you lot next time
in next week's show part-time model
Claire must give up a pampering routine
for a student's life of just one yes
just one shower gel and we make a
deliciously decadent chocolate body mask